IRA's moronic as your name implies so
dude getting his face melted by the
courses beam and just before his lips
char off he just rounded a circle and
then eat guys there you go left again
good they're not too strong if you know
at the fucking counter the Reavers were
a lot stronger okay oh great Gosselaar
it's a lot of money in there is that
under greater baking absolutely fucking
awesome right it's 200 200 so anyway the
circus yet all the good ball the
scariest fucking scream in the game one
drone right the night as one is probably
the coolest thing I have won many games
playing as zerg won many games using
nydus worm in the back of someone's base
and then and all butchers anyway here
comes take two now you might want to use
the army ok good using the army now use
the corruptors also used in corruption
don't think you're actually going to
pistons but not need it Oh 50 HP left on
that hatcheries almost dead their brood
lords very cool I've been trying to use
him but sadly I'm to crap to let the
game lost that long anyway going to
waste all of his muta lists here
stalkers I need to use dog they're
underrated as everyone thinks they're
not really
this is cool though the brood lords
pretty much counter of because of the
little bosses at issue by the way
petition someone organizer personals I
can actually but brood lords when they
die they need to spawn scourging I think
they should like Starcraft 1 alpha style
and because the Guardians used to in
starcraft 1 alpha spawn scourge when
they died so that overlords i think
there should be a homage down inside a
blue Lords die they should be scourge
like the figures that these rulings that
don't forget how to fly by they look a
bit like him
anyway we've got the brood lords we've
got really that much to counter so much
over the rider anyway we've got a lot
more stark oozing coming is actually
let's building from to freaking gay no
I'm sorry for before gain weight I'm
sorry right it's full
anyway we do have the brood Lords which
is really cool
really cool and now we have got the
stock is also being raped so the colossi
of course not really doing that much
except absolutely briefing everything
that's on the ground here not really
being upgraded let's see not the 50 kill
one's dead I think oh that's so sad
how'd you re actually be in place yeah
don't know why it's absolutely no
purpose for it whatsoever but okay we do
not judge oh let's see how the zerglings
doing is not 0 killed why I don't know
he doesn't get kills from units that are
from people that probably anyway so
there we go we've got a lot of brood
lords now and absolutely no void rays to
speak of because they have called the
direct counter and I do believe that we
are coming to the end of this very
fantabulous game here where of course
the guy who sent me to replay wins
usually happens and but it's really cool
to see this
look at the mayhem here look at the
skittering going on good Lords of course
I did
anyway a lot of brood lords here even
though they look cool they're not as
effective as guardians used to be even
though their damage is pretty much the
same there are a lot so there's got
maggots is going to get eliminated here
will not GG rage quits cut it up there
you go fingers in there is any forces
left the gang there you go make this
travesty be over thank you so there we
go we've got a free-for-all not really
the best game but hey we've got a
free-for-all got the scoop on it right
so there you go can you imagine what it
would have been like if I actually did
it like the 15 minutes I came before
this we're absolutely fuck-all happened
let's see um units lost haha that's not
really that interesting really blue lost
almost cuz why ya he stayed to the end
and then rage quit well known even rage
quit just SAT there and fell over dead
anyway thanks for this um my dl doing
van yes I am related to Bay tone from my
mother's side very very long of course a
cousin of because Ludwig didn't have any
children so be definite still does run
in our family musical musical genius
well let me break into song shall I